---
title: Men, women and IT
author: Kormyshev ISaP-401
date: The 4th of September
---

# № 1

In my opinion boys and girls use internet the same. I think the main reason for it is the accessibility of computers and other devices that provide internet.

# № 2

1. Did you know that...
2. Why are boys better at IT
3. Is the world changing?
4. Why is IT important

# № 3

1. c
2. a
3. b

# № 4

1. c
2. e
3. b
4. a
5. d

# № 5

1. boring
2. stop
3. idea
4. ~unlike~ typical
5. nice
6. violent
7. silly
8. complain

# № 6

My favorite game is called For Honor. This is the game about medieval about fights of knights, vikings and samurais. The game has a lot of different game modes. The most popular are duel, brawl (2 vs 2 fight) and domination. In For Honor you can play more than 30 characters. These characters are separated by fractions - knights, vikings, samurais, wu lin (china) and outlanders. Also characters are separated by classes such as vanguard, assassin, defender and hybrid. The basics of gameplay are simple: you have 3 directions to attack and defence, a direction is controlled by the mouse or stick of controller. Attacks by themselves can be of different types such as unblockable, undodgeable, different variants of bashes. Defending is much more complicated because the fastest attack is 500 milliseconds (excluding internet latency), so this game requires very good reaction skills. Another side of For Honor is customizations. Everything is customizable. You can change every character's weapon's parts, armor's parts, emotions and much more. Also this game has competitive rank system that allow people to fight each other in duels and progress. I am played this game for 1700 hours, but i am not bored at all and will play more. I think it is more for boys, 'cause boys are more into fights and weapons than girls.
